So in this case, we want to go, and
for each group, we don't need to
do this whole data binding and enter
a pen because there's only one of them.
So we're going to simply call append.
We're going to append the text element and
we're going to put in
our title as the text.
And so these two lines and
we should have, yes, awesome.
Okay, so
now we have all of our titles rendering.
And you can see that we need to also
change a little bit of the styling.
So let's go ahead and do that.
And actually, one of the first
things I'm gonna do just to make it
look visually a little bit better
it truncate, well, truncate.
Lodash has a nice function
called truncate and so
I'm going to say truncate
at just 20 letters.
And so that will help us with reducing
some of the longer titles and
the small side note about using SVG text.
If this makes no sense to you right now,
no worries.
I just want to kind of
give the small note for
if you run into this issue in the future.
Which is that with SVG text, it's actually
quite hard to get things to wrap,
so word wrapping with SVG
text is a little bit hard.
And so what I've kind of
started doing over the years
is I kind of put a absolutely
positioned div in front of my SVG,
and then just use divs to put labels on,
let's say each of my flowers or
in other cases,
if I'm creating other sorts of charts,
maybe I'll label each
of the dots with a div.
So instead of trying to like
fight with SVG text on trying
to get it wrap into like two or
three lines to fit a longer piece of text,
I've kind of just started
to use HTML divs.
Just because divs naturally
already have text word
wrapping built in, so
it's a little bit easier.
And so for some of these longer titles,
if I was to use HTML divs
then it will look a lot
better because then I
don't have to truncate.
But for the sake of this
exercise because I wanted to show
the sort of nested elements and
necessary selections.
We're going to use text and
we're going to truncate.
But from a design standpoint,
usually for data visualization,
I wouldn't truncate like this, I would
have it a wrap with HTML div elements.
But let's go ahead and style this.
So the first thing I'm gonna do actually,
that's a style, font size and
we're going to say I'm
gonna make it smaller,
I'm gonna say 0.7M.
And I also want it to get centered.
So I'm gonna scroll back and
forth a little bit,
but right now you can
see that this is our 00.
This is the center of our flower, but
it's not being centered around that,
so let's center that and
I'm also gonna vertically center with
an attribute called DY, so let's do that.
We're gonna call text anchor,
middle, and the outer dy 0.35m.
I actually never looked into why it was
0.35m, but it just magically centers,
like vertically centers, the text
on whatever x, y position we have.
So yeah, I don't know why it's 0.35,
but just kind of a standard
that I picked up.
So now with this we
should have everything,
I think the one little
thing that I'm missing is,
I think I might have set
the font style to italic.
And actually,
now that I take a look at it,
maybe truncating at 20 characters
is still a little bit too long.
So I'm just gonna go back and
truncate it to 18.
And I'm gonna style, font style.
Italic.
And that should do it.
So yeah, I'm still a little bit big
actually the look of it, how about 0.7?
I'm not sure why this is overlapping
still but you can probably go back and
forth yourself to try
a different font sizes or
trying different truncations
to make the titles work.
But we just created our flowers together,
which is really exciting.
And the reason why I put the scale,
the transform
scale on the panels instead
of the group is, and
you might be able to guess
that if I had put it on
the groups then not only
would the petals be scaled,
but our text titles will be scaled also.
And that is kind of like
an aesthetic choice of,
yeah, so you can see,
it gets scaled along with it,
so it's much smaller than previously.
And that is very much
kind of an aesthetic or
design decision of whether you want to put
the scale on the group or on the path.
And when you're using groups,
I think you'll be making a lot of
these tiny little aesthetic decisions.
But I wanted to make a new I decided to,
after seeing that,
I decided to put it on the pedals for
readability.
Yeah, so these are our flowers.